[oneTBB] Rework the parallel_for_each algorithm requirements (#348)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/algorithms/par_for_each_body.rst

* ``value_type`` - the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::value_type``
* ``reference`` -  the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::reference``.

If the ``iterator`` satisfies `Input iterator` named requirements from [input.iterators]
ISO C++ Standard section and do not satisfies `Forward iterator` named requirements from
[forward.iterators] ISO C++ Standard section, `tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`
requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of type ``const value_type&`` or ``value_type&&`` to be well-formed.
If both forms are well-formed, an overload with rvalue reference will be preferred.

.. caution::

  If the ``Body`` only takes non-const lvalue reference to ``value_type``, named requirements above
  are violated and the program can be ill-formed.

If the ``iterator`` satisfies `Forward iterator` named requirements from [forward.iterators]
ISO C++Standard section, ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call
with an object of type ``reference`` to be well-formed.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` passes to the ``Body`` as rvalues and therefore the corresponding
execution of the ``Body`` is required to be well-formed.

```

    ``ItemType`` may be optionally passed to ``Body::operator()`` by reference.
    ``const`` and ``volatile`` type qualifiers are also applicable.

Terms
-----

* ``iterator`` determines the type of the iterator passed into the ``parallel_for_each`` algorithm,

> which is ``decltype(std::begin(c))`` for the overloads that accept the `Container` template argument or ``InputIterator``.

Reviewer: there should be 2 empty spaces, otherwise the bullet list will not be created

> which is ``decltype(std::begin(c))`` for the overloads that accept the `Container` template argument or ``InputIterator``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which is ``decltype(std::begin(c))`` for the overloads that accept the ``Container`` template argument or ``InputIterator``.
```

* ``value_type`` - the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::value_type``.
* ``reference`` -  the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::reference``.

``tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of the ``reference`` type to be well-formed if
the ``iterator`` meets all of the `Forward iterator` requirements described in the [forward.iterators] section of the 
ISO C++Standard.

> `tbb::parallel_for_each algorhitm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`
```

> requires the Body::operator() call with an object of type const value_type& or value_type&& to be well-formed if:

Reviewer: add an empty line after this one

Author: ```suggestion
requires the Body::operator() call with an object of type const value_type& or value_type&& to be well-formed if:

```

    ``ItemType`` may be optionally passed to ``Body::operator()`` by reference.
    ``const`` and ``volatile`` type qualifiers are also applicable.

Terms
-----

* ``iterator`` determines the type of the iterator passed into ``parallel_for_each`` algorithm

>   (which is ``InputIterator`` or ``decltype(std::begin(c))`` for the overloads which accepts the `Container` template argument)

Author: This phrase has a different sense, so I rebuild it to make it more clear.

> * ``value_type`` - the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::value_type``

Author: Yes it does

* ``reference`` -  the type ``std::iterator_traits<iterator>::reference``.

> ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of the ``reference`` type to be well-formed if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``oneapi::tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of the ``reference`` type to be well-formed if
```

the ``iterator`` meets all of the `Forward iterator` requirements described in the [forward.iterators] section of the 

> ISO C++Standard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ISO C++ Standard.
```

> `tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`oneapi::tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`
```

> `oneapi::tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oneapi::tbb::parallel_for_each algorithm <../../algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func>`_
```

> requires the Body::operator() call with an object of type const value_type& or value_type&& to be well-formed if:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of type ``const value_type&`` or ``value_type&&`` to be well-formed if:
```

> requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of type ``const value_type&`` or ``value_type&&`` to be well-formed if:

Author: ```suggestion
requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of type ``const value_type&`` or ``value_type&&`` to be well-formed if all of the following requirements are fulfilled:
```

Reviewer: I'd rather say **requirements are met**, cause it's more impersonal

Author: ```suggestion
requires the ``Body::operator()`` call with an object of type ``const value_type&`` or ``value_type&&`` to be well-formed if all of the following requirements are met:
```

> * the iterator does not meet all of the `Forward iterator` requirements described in the [forward.iterators] section of the ISO C++ Standard

Reviewer 2: What are we trying to say in this point? Could you please clarify the use-case?

Author: I agree that this case seems unclear, but here we are trying to describe the case when the iterator meets input iterator requirements but does not meet forward iterator requirements.

Reviewer 2: It seems better for me, but I would swap the bullets:

... if all of the following requirements are met:
* The iterator meets the requirements of Input Iterator
* The iterator does not meet the requirements of Forward Iterator

As well, I would use the simple form "meets the requirements" instead of "meets all of the requirements". This "all of" is a little confusing for me

Author: @kboyarinov, @alexandraepan please review the update

Reviewer 2: I am OK with the change

>   If the ``Body`` only takes non-const lvalue reference to ``value_type``, named requirements above

Author: What about use "described" instead of "named" here?

>   If the ``Body`` only takes non-const lvalue reference to ``value_type``, named requirements above

Reviewer: Both are fine, so it's up to you:)

>   If the ``Body`` only takes non-const lvalue reference to ``value_type``, named requirements above

Author: ```suggestion
  If the ``Body`` only takes non-const lvalue reference to the ``value_type``, the requirements described above
```

  are violated and the program can be ill-formed.

If the ``iterator`` satisfies `Forward iterator` named requirements from [forward.iterators]

> ISO C++Standard section, ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISO C++Standard, ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` requires the ``Body::operator()`` call
```

with an object of type ``reference`` to be well-formed.

> Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` passes to the ``Body`` as rvalues and therefore the corresponding

Author: I think we need some clarification the second sentence refers to the previous one. For example: "In this case, the corresponding..."

> Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` passes to the ``Body`` as rvalues and therefore the corresponding

Reviewer: Agree

> Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` passes to the ``Body`` as rvalues and therefore the corresponding

Author: ```suggestion
Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` are passed to the ``Body`` as rvalues. In this case, the corresponding
```

> Additional elements submitted into ``tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` are passed to the ``Body`` as rvalues. In this case, the corresponding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional elements submitted into ``oneapi::tbb::parallel_for_each`` through the ``feeder::add`` are passed to the ``Body`` as rvalues. In this case, the corresponding
```
